com/covid19/service/PatientService.java
 com.covid19.service.PatientService
com/covid19/service/DeathService.java
 com.covid19.service.DeathService
com/covid19/exceptions/NoSuchAdminException.java
 com.covid19.exceptions.NoSuchAdminException
com/covid19/model/Admin.java
 com.covid19.model.Admin
com/covid19/exceptions/IllegalAgeException.java
 com.covid19.exceptions.IllegalAgeException
com/covid19/CovidTrackerApp.java
 com.covid19.CovidTrackerApp
com/covid19/model/Patient.java
 com.covid19.model.Patient
com/covid19/model/Type.java
 com.covid19.model.Type
com/covid19/repository/HospitalRepository.java
 com.covid19.repository.HospitalRepository
com/covid19/model/Hospital.java
 com.covid19.model.Hospital
com/covid19/repository/TestRepository.java
 com.covid19.repository.TestRepository
com/covid19/service/UserService.java
 com.covid19.service.UserService
com/covid19/model/Zone.java
 com.covid19.model.Zone
com/covid19/model/District.java
 com.covid19.model.District
com/covid19/exceptions/NoSuchZoneException.java
 com.covid19.exceptions.NoSuchZoneException
com/covid19/model/State.java
 com.covid19.model.State
com/covid19/repository/PatientRepository.java
 com.covid19.repository.PatientRepository
com/covid19/service/HospitalService.java
 com.covid19.service.HospitalService
com/covid19/service/AdminService.java
 com.covid19.service.AdminService
com/covid19/exceptions/NoSuchGenderException.java
 com.covid19.exceptions.NoSuchGenderException
com/covid19/model/Result.java
 com.covid19.model.Result
com/covid19/controller/AdminController.java
 com.covid19.controller.AdminController
com/covid19/model/Test.java
 com.covid19.model.Test
com/covid19/repository/StatusRepository.java
 com.covid19.repository.StatusRepository
com/covid19/exceptions/NoSuchMonthException.java
 com.covid19.exceptions.NoSuchMonthException
com/covid19/service/AdminServiceImpl.java
 com.covid19.service.AdminServiceImpl
com/covid19/exceptions/NoSuchHospitalException.java
 com.covid19.exceptions.NoSuchHospitalException
com/covid19/exceptions/NoSuchTypeException.java
 com.covid19.exceptions.NoSuchTypeException
com/covid19/repository/AdminRepository.java
 com.covid19.repository.AdminRepository
com/covid19/model/Status.java
 com.covid19.model.Status
